README.md, before:

<!-- https://tholman.com/github-corners/ -->
<a href="https://github.com/artem-ogre/presentations" class="github-corner" aria-label="View source on GitHub"><svg width="80" height="80"
        viewBox="0 0 250 250" style="fill:#151513; color:#fff; position: absolute; top: 0; border: 0; right: 0;"
        aria-hidden="true">
        <path d="M0,0 L115,115 L130,115 L142,142 L250,250 L250,0 Z"></path>
        <path
            d="M128.3,109.0 C113.8,99.7 119.0,89.6 119.0,89.6 C122.0,82.7 120.5,78.6 120.5,78.6 C119.2,72.0 123.4,76.3 123.4,76.3 C127.3,80.9 125.5,87.3 125.5,87.3 C122.9,97.6 130.6,101.9 134.4,103.2"
            fill="currentColor" style="transform-origin: 130px 106px;" class="octo-arm"></path>
        <path
            d="M115.0,115.0 C114.9,115.1 118.7,116.5 119.8,115.4 L133.7,101.6 C136.9,99.2 139.9,98.4 142.2,98.6 C133.8,88.0 127.5,74.4 143.8,58.0 C148.5,53.4 154.0,51.2 159.7,51.0 C160.3,49.4 163.2,43.6 171.4,40.1 C171.4,40.1 176.1,42.5 178.8,56.2 C183.1,58.6 187.2,61.8 190.9,65.4 C194.5,69.0 197.7,73.2 200.1,77.6 C213.8,80.2 216.3,84.9 216.3,84.9 C212.7,93.1 206.9,96.0 205.4,96.6 C205.1,102.4 203.0,107.8 198.3,112.5 C181.9,128.9 168.3,122.5 157.7,114.1 C157.9,116.9 156.7,120.9 152.7,124.9 L141.0,136.5 C139.8,137.7 141.6,141.9 141.8,141.8 Z"
            fill="currentColor" class="octo-body"></path>
    </svg></a>

## Table of Contents

- [StockholmCpp 0x31: Stories of CDT](#StockholmCpp-0x31)

<a name="StockholmCpp-0x31"></a>

## StockholmCpp 0x31: Stories of CDT

### Date
3.10.2024

### Description

CDT is a C++ library for constrained Delaunay triangulation. It started about 5 years ago and will soon reach 1K stars on GitHub. The talk will share stories about developing and maintaining CDT and lessons learned along the way.

### Materials
* [Slides (PDF)](StockholmCpp-0x31/StockholmCpp-0x31%20slides.pdf)
* [Survey summary (PDF)](StockholmCpp-0x31/StockholmCpp-0x31%20survey%20summary.pdf)

Commit message:

Add SBG User Conference (2018) talk about "Extended Slopes"

README.md, after:

<!-- https://tholman.com/github-corners/ -->
<a href="https://github.com/artem-ogre/presentations" class="github-corner" aria-label="View source on GitHub"><svg width="80" height="80"
        viewBox="0 0 250 250" style="fill:#151513; color:#fff; position: absolute; top: 0; border: 0; right: 0;"
        aria-hidden="true">
        <path d="M0,0 L115,115 L130,115 L142,142 L250,250 L250,0 Z"></path>
        <path
            d="M128.3,109.0 C113.8,99.7 119.0,89.6 119.0,89.6 C122.0,82.7 120.5,78.6 120.5,78.6 C119.2,72.0 123.4,76.3 123.4,76.3 C127.3,80.9 125.5,87.3 125.5,87.3 C122.9,97.6 130.6,101.9 134.4,103.2"
            fill="currentColor" style="transform-origin: 130px 106px;" class="octo-arm"></path>
        <path
            d="M115.0,115.0 C114.9,115.1 118.7,116.5 119.8,115.4 L133.7,101.6 C136.9,99.2 139.9,98.4 142.2,98.6 C133.8,88.0 127.5,74.4 143.8,58.0 C148.5,53.4 154.0,51.2 159.7,51.0 C160.3,49.4 163.2,43.6 171.4,40.1 C171.4,40.1 176.1,42.5 178.8,56.2 C183.1,58.6 187.2,61.8 190.9,65.4 C194.5,69.0 197.7,73.2 200.1,77.6 C213.8,80.2 216.3,84.9 216.3,84.9 C212.7,93.1 206.9,96.0 205.4,96.6 C205.1,102.4 203.0,107.8 198.3,112.5 C181.9,128.9 168.3,122.5 157.7,114.1 C157.9,116.9 156.7,120.9 152.7,124.9 L141.0,136.5 C139.8,137.7 141.6,141.9 141.8,141.8 Z"
            fill="currentColor" class="octo-body"></path>
    </svg></a>

## Table of Contents

- [**SBG User Conference 2018:** ~~Extended~~ slippery slopes](#SBG-User-Conference-2018)
- [**StockholmCpp 0x31:** Stories of CDT](#StockholmCpp-0x31)

<a name="SBG-User-Conference-2018"></a>

## SBG User Conference 2018: ~~Extended~~ slippery slopes

### Date
11.2018

### Description

This talk is about the extended slope feature developed in Leica iCON office (SBG Geo Professional): generating a slope that connects the design TIN surface to the terrain TIN surface with a fixed slope angle. The presentation follows the algorithm design process, demonstrates challenges and hidden complexities, and discusses the advantages and limitations of the implementation.


### Materials
* [Slides (PDF)](SBG-User-Conference-2018/Slippery%20Slopes.pdf)

<a name="StockholmCpp-0x31"></a>

## StockholmCpp 0x31: Stories of CDT

### Date
3.10.2024

### Description

CDT is a C++ library for constrained Delaunay triangulation. It started about 5 years ago and will soon reach 1K stars on GitHub. The talk will share stories about developing and maintaining CDT and lessons learned along the way.

### Materials
* [Slides (PDF)](StockholmCpp-0x31/StockholmCpp-0x31%20slides.pdf)
* [Survey summary (PDF)](StockholmCpp-0x31/StockholmCpp-0x31%20survey%20summary.pdf)
